README.md, before:

#PhoneFormat.js

####**A javascript phone formatter**

##Install

### via Bower
`bower install phoneformat.js`

### via NPM
`npm install phoneformat.js`

All files for usage are in the /dist directory.

- **Amd**:
  - phone-format-amd.js or phone-format-amd.min.js
- **Exports**:
  - phone-format-exports.js or phone-format-amd.min.js
- **Global**:
  - phone-format-global.js or phone-format-global.min.js
- **Original Blend**:
  - phone-format.js or phone-format.min.js

##DEMO
[PhoneFormat.com](http://www.phoneformat.com)

##API

| Function                     	| Parameters                                 	| Example                                                                  	|   	|   	|
|------------------------------	|--------------------------------------------	|--------------------------------------------------------------------------	|---	|---	|
| countryForE164Number         	| phoneNumber : string                       	| phoneFormat.countryForE164Number(validInternationalPhoneNumber);         	|   	|   	|
| formatNumberForMobileDialing 	| countryCode : string, phoneNumber : string 	| phoneFormat.formatNumberForMobileDialing(countryCode, validPhoneNumber); 	|   	|   	|
| isValidNumber                	| phoneNumber : string, countryCode : string 	| phoneFormat.isValidNumber(validPhoneNumber, countryCode);                	|   	|   	|
| formatE164                   	| countryCode: string, phoneNumber : string  	| phoneFormat.formatE164(countryCode, validPhoneNumber);                   	|   	|   	|
| formatInternational          	| countryCode : string, phoneNumber : string 	| phoneFormat.formatInternational(countryCode, validPhoneNumber);          	|   	|   	|
| formatLocal                  	| countryCode : string, phoneNumber : string 	| phoneFormat.formatLocal(countryCode, validPhoneNumber);                  	|   	|   	|
| exampleLandlineNumber        	| countryCode : string                       	| phoneFormat.exampleLandlineNumber(countryCode);                          	|   	|   	|
| exampleMobileNumber          	| countryCode : string                       	| phoneFormat.exampleMobileNumber(countryCode);                            	|   	|   	|
| cleanPhone                   	| phoneNumber : string                       	| phoneFormat.cleanPhone(validPhoneNumber);                                	|   	|   	|
| countryCodeToName            	| countryCode : string                       	| phoneFormat.countryCodeToName(countryCode);                              	|   	|   	|


##FAQ
####Is PhoneFormat.js in sync with the latest libphonenumber?

More often then not PhoneFormat.js will NOT be using the [latest version](https://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2Fjavascript%2Fi18n%2Fphonenumbers) of libphonenumber.

It was last synced October 19, 2015.

If this is causing you any headaches, please follow the instructions below to update the source files in /lib.

**Step 1**

- Copy to your clipboard, the contents of [closure.txt](https://github.com/albeebe/phoneformat.js/blob/master/closure.txt) at the top of this page

**Step 2**

- Go to Googles [Closure Compiler Service](http://closure-compiler.appspot.com/home)

**Step 3**

- Paste the contents of [closure.txt](https://github.com/albeebe/phoneformat.js/blob/master/closure.txt) into the big textarea on the left side of the screen under the **Compile** button.
- Make sure you delete whatever text is already the textarea!
- After you've pasted it press the **Compile** button
- If everything works correctly, on the right side of the screen will be a freshly compiled PhoneFormat.js

**Step 4**

- Update these files accordingly:
	- lib/google-libraries.js
	- lib/phone-format-interface.js
- Submit a PR ;)

##Questions?
**Ping us via Twitter**

- [@sturdynut](http://twitter.com/sturdynut)
- [@albeebe](http://twitter.com/albeebe)


This project was created by [@albeebe](http://twitter.com/albeebe).

Commit message:

changed to support react native

README.md, after:

#PhoneFormat.js For React Native

####**A javascript phone formatter for React Native**

##Install

### via NPM
`npm install phoneformat-react-native`

All files for usage are in the /dist directory.

- **Amd**:
  - phone-format-amd.js or phone-format-amd.min.js
- **Exports**:
  - phone-format-exports.js or phone-format-amd.min.js
- **Global**:
  - phone-format-global.js or phone-format-global.min.js
- **Original Blend**:
  - phone-format.js or phone-format.min.js

##DEMO
[PhoneFormat.com](http://www.phoneformat.com)

##API

| Function                     	| Parameters                                 	| Example                                                                  	|   	|   	|
|------------------------------	|--------------------------------------------	|--------------------------------------------------------------------------	|---	|---	|
| countryForE164Number         	| phoneNumber : string                       	| phoneFormat.countryForE164Number(validInternationalPhoneNumber);         	|   	|   	|
| formatNumberForMobileDialing 	| countryCode : string, phoneNumber : string 	| phoneFormat.formatNumberForMobileDialing(countryCode, validPhoneNumber); 	|   	|   	|
| isValidNumber                	| phoneNumber : string, countryCode : string 	| phoneFormat.isValidNumber(validPhoneNumber, countryCode);                	|   	|   	|
| formatE164                   	| countryCode: string, phoneNumber : string  	| phoneFormat.formatE164(countryCode, validPhoneNumber);                   	|   	|   	|
| formatInternational          	| countryCode : string, phoneNumber : string 	| phoneFormat.formatInternational(countryCode, validPhoneNumber);          	|   	|   	|
| formatLocal                  	| countryCode : string, phoneNumber : string 	| phoneFormat.formatLocal(countryCode, validPhoneNumber);                  	|   	|   	|
| exampleLandlineNumber        	| countryCode : string                       	| phoneFormat.exampleLandlineNumber(countryCode);                          	|   	|   	|
| exampleMobileNumber          	| countryCode : string                       	| phoneFormat.exampleMobileNumber(countryCode);                            	|   	|   	|
| cleanPhone                   	| phoneNumber : string                       	| phoneFormat.cleanPhone(validPhoneNumber);                                	|   	|   	|
| countryCodeToName            	| countryCode : string                       	| phoneFormat.countryCodeToName(countryCode);                              	|   	|   	|


##FAQ
####Is PhoneFormat.js in sync with the latest libphonenumber?

More often then not PhoneFormat.js will NOT be using the [latest version](https://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2Fjavascript%2Fi18n%2Fphonenumbers) of libphonenumber.

It was last synced October 19, 2015.

If this is causing you any headaches, please follow the instructions below to update the source files in /lib.

**Step 1**

- Copy to your clipboard, the contents of [closure.txt](https://github.com/albeebe/phoneformat.js/blob/master/closure.txt) at the top of this page

**Step 2**

- Go to Googles [Closure Compiler Service](http://closure-compiler.appspot.com/home)

**Step 3**

- Paste the contents of [closure.txt](https://github.com/albeebe/phoneformat.js/blob/master/closure.txt) into the big textarea on the left side of the screen under the **Compile** button.
- Make sure you delete whatever text is already the textarea!
- After you've pasted it press the **Compile** button
- If everything works correctly, on the right side of the screen will be a freshly compiled PhoneFormat.js

**Step 4**

- Update these files accordingly:
	- lib/google-libraries.js
	- lib/phone-format-interface.js
- Submit a PR ;)


Based on PhoneFormater.js by [@albeebe](http://twitter.com/albeebe).
